OSDOCS-16941: Fix DITA CalloutList in OLM modules (batch 1) (#115365)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/olm-accessing-images-private-registries.adoc

  namespace: openshift-marketplace
spec:
  sourceType: grpc
  secrets:
  - "<secret_name_1>"
  - "<secret_name_2>"
  grpcPodConfig:
    securityContextConfig: <security_mode>
  image: <registry>:<port>/<namespace>/<image>:<tag>
  displayName: My Operator Catalog
  publisher: <publisher_name>
  updateStrategy:
    registryPoll:
      interval: 30m
----
+

> where:
> 
> `spec.secrets`:: Specifies any required secrets.
> `spec.grpcPodConfig.securityContextConfig`:: Specifies the value of `legacy` or `restricted`. If the field is not set, the default value is `legacy`. In a future {product-title} release, it is planned that the default value will be `restricted`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Add a `spec.secrets` section and specify any required secrets.
** The `spec.grpcPodConfig.securityContextConfig` field defines the pod security admissions (PSA) policy for the catalog source pod. The field the value of `legacy` or `restricted`. If the field is not set, the default value is `legacy`. In a future {product-title} release, it is planned that the default value will be `restricted`.
```

[source,terminal]
----
$ cat .dockerconfigjson | \

>     jq --compact-output '.auths["<registry>:<port>/<namespace>/"] |= . + {"auth":"<token>"}'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    jq --compact-output '.auths["<registry>:<port>/<namespace>/"] |= . + {"auth":"<token>"}' \
```
